README.md, before:

# Personal Blog

A professional personal blog built with Flask, featuring user authentication, CRUD operations, and a modern responsive design.

## Features

- ✅ **User Authentication** - Login/Register system
- ✅ **Blog Management** - Create, edit, delete posts
- ✅ **Contact System** - Contact form with admin replies
- ✅ **Responsive Design** - Works on all devices
- ✅ **Admin Dashboard** - Manage posts and messages
- ✅ **Modern UI** - Bootstrap 5 with custom styling

## Tech Stack

- **Backend**: Flask, SQLAlchemy, Flask-Login
- **Frontend**: Bootstrap 5, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript
- **Database**: SQLite
- **Deployment**: Vercel

## Quick Start

1. **Clone the repository**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Subham130695/personal-blog.git
   cd personal-blog
   ```

2. **Install dependencies**
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

3. **Run the application**
   ```bash
   python app.py
   ```

4. **Visit**: http://localhost:5000

## Admin Access

- **URL**: `/login`
- **Username**: `admin`
- **Password**: `admin123`

## Deployment

This project is configured for Vercel deployment:

1. **Push to GitHub**
2. **Connect to Vercel**
3. **Automatic deployment**

## Project Structure

```
personal-blog/
├── app.py              # Main Flask application
├── requirements.txt    # Python dependencies
├── vercel.json        # Vercel configuration
├── templates/         # HTML templates
├── static/           # CSS, JS, images
└── instance/         # Database files
```

## Live Demo

Visit: [Your Vercel URL here]

---

**Built with ❤️ by Subham Kumar Sahoo**

Commit message:

Clean up project structure for Railway deployment

README.md, after:

# Personal Blog

A professional personal blog built with Flask, featuring user authentication, CRUD operations, and a modern responsive design.

## Features

- ✅ **User Authentication** - Login/Register system
- ✅ **Blog Management** - Create, edit, delete posts
- ✅ **Contact System** - Contact form with admin replies
- ✅ **Responsive Design** - Works on all devices
- ✅ **Admin Dashboard** - Manage posts and messages
- ✅ **Modern UI** - Bootstrap 5 with custom styling

## Tech Stack

- **Backend**: Flask, SQLAlchemy, Flask-Login
- **Frontend**: Bootstrap 5, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript
- **Database**: SQLite
- **Deployment**: Railway

## Quick Start

1. **Clone the repository**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Subham130695/personal-blog.git
   cd personal-blog
   ```

2. **Install dependencies**
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

3. **Run the application**
   ```bash
   python app.py
   ```

4. **Visit**: http://localhost:5000

## Admin Access

- **URL**: `/login`
- **Username**: `admin`
- **Password**: `admin123`

## Deployment

This project is configured for Railway deployment:

1. **Push to GitHub**
2. **Connect to Railway**
3. **Automatic deployment**

## Project Structure

```
personal-blog/
├── app.py              # Main Flask application
├── requirements.txt    # Python dependencies
├── railway.json       # Railway configuration
├── Procfile          # Railway process file
├── templates/         # HTML templates
├── static/           # CSS, JS, images
└── instance/         # Database files
```

## Live Demo

Visit: [Your Railway URL here]

---

**Built with ❤️ by Subham Kumar Sahoo**
